2.3 doc review and updates (#651)
mattermost/mattermost-plugin-jira: docs/end-user-guide/using-jira-commands.md

description: Get the most out the Jira/Mattermost integration
---

> # Using ``/jira`` Commands

Author: ```suggestion
# Using `/jira` Commands
```

## Managing Jira issues from Mattermost

### Create Jira issues

To create a Jira issue from a Mattermost message, hover over the relevant message and select **\(...\) > More Actions > Create Jira Issue**.

![You can create a Jira issue from any Mattermost message](../.gitbook/assets/image%20%285%29.png)

Then select the project and issue type, add a summary, and a description.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/13119842/59113188-985a9280-8912-11e9-9def-9a7382b4137e.png)

Click **Create** to create the issue which includes any file attachments that were part of the Mattermost message.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/13119842/59113219-a4deeb00-8912-11e9-9741-5ddc8a4b51fa.png)

> **Note:** This plugin does not support all Jira fields. If the project you tried to create an issue for has **required fields** not yet supported, you'll be prompted to manually create an issue. Clicking the provided link open the issue creation screen on the Jira web interface. The information you entered in Mattermost is migrated over so no work is lost.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** This plugin does not support all Jira fields. If the project you tried to create an issue for has **required fields** not yet supported, you'll be prompted to manually create an issue. Clicking the provided link opens the issue creation screen on the Jira web interface. The information you entered in Mattermost is migrated over so no work is lost.
```

The supported Jira fields are:

* **Project Picker:** Custom fields and the built-in **Project** field.
* **Single-Line Text:** Custom fields, and built-in fields such as **Summary** and **Environment**.
* **Multi-Line Text:** Custom fields, and built-in fields such as **Description**.
* **Single-Choice Issue:** Custom fields, and built-in fields such as **Issue Type** and **Priority**.
* **Assignee:** System field.

### Attach messages to Jira issues

> Keep all information in one place by attaching parts of Mattermost conversations in Jira issues as comments. To attach a message, click the **More Actions** \(...\) option of any message in the channel \(available when you hover over a message\), then select **Attach to Jira Issue**.

Author: ```suggestion
Keep all information in one place by attaching parts of Mattermost conversations in Jira issues as comments. To attach a message, hover over the relevant message and select **\(...\) > More Actions > Attach to Jira Issue**.
```
